[RA1 Ch01] Principles & doc organisation (#3144)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.rst

Principles
----------

Architectural principles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer: I have opened an Issue as there are grammatical and other errors in the Architectural Principles

> This OpenStack Reference Architecture must obey to the following

Reviewer: "must obey: is rather strong -- can we instead use "should conform to", "should adhere to", ...
```suggestion
This Reference Architecture for OpenStack based Cloud Infrastructure must obey the following
```

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks, approved
